chore: update README.md (#136)
tier4/AutowareArchitectureProposal_msgs: README.md

# tier4_autoware_msgs

> This is not an official interface between Autoware components. It is something independently defined by TIER IV for use within its components.

Reviewer: Maybe it's better to tell where we define the official interface for Autoware.

```suggestion
This repository contains messages that are independently defined by TIER IV for use within each component of Autoware. For the official interface between Autoware components, please refer to the [autoware_msgs](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware_msgs) respository.
```

> This repository contains messages that are independently defined by TIER IV for use within each component of Autoware. For the official interface between Autoware components, please refer to the [autoware_msgs](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware_msgs) respository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains messages that are independently defined by TIER IV for use within each component of Autoware. For the official interface between Autoware components, please refer to the [autoware_msgs](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware_msgs) repository.
```
